`azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server_virtual_endpoint` - is no longer removed from state when a fail-over occurs (#29424)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/postgresql_flexible_server_virtual_endpoint.html.markdown

* `replica_server_id` - (Required) The Resource ID of the *Replica* Postgres Flexible Server this should be associated with

> ~> **Note:** If a fail-over has occurred, you will be unable to update `replica_server_id`. You can remove the resource from state and reimport it back in with `source_server_id` and `replica_server_id` flipped and then update `replica_server_id`.

Reviewer: Nit: there's 2 different forms of `failover` (`fail-over`) in the docs/resource error msg in update func, change for consistency? 

```suggestion
~> **Note:** If a failover has occurred, you will be unable to update `replica_server_id`. You can remove the resource from state and reimport it back in with `source_server_id` and `replica_server_id` flipped and then update `replica_server_id`.
```

Author: I fixed it in the error message!
